Add Microsoft DevAzure Server notes (#2851)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/configuring-oauth-2-for-microsoft-azure-devops-services.adoc

. Set up the Microsoft Azure DevOps Services OAuth App (OAuth 2.0).
. Apply the Microsoft Azure DevOps Services OAuth App Secret.

[IMPORTANT]

> Microsoft DevAzure Server does not support oAuth2, see link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/integrate/get-started/authentication/oauth?view=azure-devops[the documentation page].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth 2.0 isn't supported on Azure DevOps Server, see link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/integrate/get-started/authentication/oauth?view=azure-devops[the documentation page].
```
